BD-3365: Clarify Canvas entry properties and event properties support (#7880)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/templates_and_media/content_blocks.md

1. Copy the **Content Block Liquid Tag** from the **Content Block Details** section.
2. Insert the Content Block Liquid tag into the message. You can also begin typing the Liquid and have the tag auto-populate.

> Note that Canvas entry properties and event properties are only supported in a Canvas, not in the Content Block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% alert note %}
Canvas entry properties and event properties are only supported in a Canvas, not in the Content Block.
{% endalert %}
```
